See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/377237536
Lean tools used in administrative processes across sectors: a systematic review and insights for the construction industry
Article  in  Construction Innovation · June 2025
DOI: 10.1108/CI-03-2023-0057

CITATIONS	READS
2	698
Kanchana K.S. Perera
University of Moratuwa
253 PUBLICATIONS   1,633 CITATIONS   SEE PROFILE
All content following this page was uploaded by U D R E Ruwanpura on 09 January 2024.
The user has requested enhancement of the downloaded file.
  
Lean tools used in administrative processes across sectors: a
systematic review and insights for the construction industry
U.D.R.E. Ruwanpura, B.A.K.S. Perera and Tharusha Ranadewa
Department of Building Economics, University of Moratuwa, Moratuwa, Sri Lanka
Abstract
Purpose – Administrative processes play a crucial role in various sectors, often contributing to cost overruns and delays. While lean concept has been extensively applied in many industries, there is a recognized need for further research on the integration of lean in administrative processes. To address this research gap, this study aims to systematically analyse the implementation of lean in administrative processes, providing a sector-wise comparison to explore its prospects for the construction industry.
Design/methodology/approach – A systematic literature review was conducted by adapting the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses method. Eighty-six research papers are subjected to descriptive and content analysis on different tools applied in lean integrated administrative processes in health care, education, public administration and other sectors.
Findings – The research study reveals common lean tools irrespective of sector. Moreover, specific tools used for a particular sector are analysed. Out of the various lean tools and techniques, value stream mapping, 5S and Kaizen are highly acknowledged tools in every sector of lean intervention. Furthermore, ECRS is applied explicitly in the education sector. Furthermore, it is noted that Suppliers, Inputs, Process, Outputs and Customers (SIPOC), 5whys, load levelling and control charts are identical to administrative processes in lean health care. Furthermore, Spaghetti charts and Kaikaku are only adapted to administrative processes in the public administration sector, and causal loop diagrams are used explicitly in administrative processes in the construction sector.
Originality/value – This study contributes to research by developing a guideline to design lean intervention for a lean-integrated administrative process in any sector which still needs to be transformed into lean. Hence, this study will be a cornerstone for incorporating lean principles for administrative processes in construction sector.
Keywords Lean, Administrative process, Lean tool, Sector, PRISMA
Paper type Literature review
1. Introduction
Administrative or management processes generate information and decisions rather than physical outputs or products (Davidsson and Gustafsson, 2011). Many researchers indicated that 70%–80% of all costs to deliver the service or product are associated with administrative processes (Tammela et al., 2017; Ventura et al., 2020). The study by Berwick and Hackbarth (2012) highlighted that the complexities in administrative processes are responsible for a higher cost of production in health care. Indeed, administrative processes are responsible for increasing the overall expenditure of an organization. Therefore, cutting red tape in administrative processes reduces business administration costs (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, 2009) and guarantees substantive outcomes
Lean tools used in administrative processes

Received26March2023
Revised 1 July 2023
7 October2023 Accepted3 December2023

Construction Innovation
© EmeraldPublishingLimited
1471-4175 DOI 10.1108/CI-03-2023-0057
through final quality decisions (Ponce, 2005). Hence, it is vital to streamline the administrative processes in any sector.
                   In the realm of construction, effective administration is the backbone of project management and successful project delivery (Gunduz and Elsherbeny, 2020). Construction administration encompasses a wide range of tasks, from resource allocation and cost tracking to communication management and documentation control (Msawil et al., 2022). It plays a pivotal role in ensuring that construction projects adhere to schedules, budgets and  quality standards. However, like any complex process, construction administration is not without the challenges. Within the construction industry, these administrative challenges manifest in various forms. Project delays due to miscommunication (Msawil et al., 2022), cost overruns resulting from inefficient resource allocation (Gunduz and Elsherbeny, 2020) and the struggle to maintain meticulous documentation (Badi et al., 2021) are just a few of the issues that construction administrators grapple with daily.
  In the multifaceted construction environment, communication among stakeholders is paramount. However, Msawil et al. (2022) stated that the industry often faces issues like information silos, where crucial project details are trapped within departments, leading to miscommunication and project delays. Furthermore, efficiently allocating resources, including labour, materials and equipment, is a constant challenge. The construction industry generates vast amounts of documentation, from project plans and contracts to change orders and compliance reports (Badi et al., 2021). Managing and organizing this documentation is a formidable task, with errors leading to costly consequences. Administrative processes in a construction company comprises with three main levels as micro, macro and mega processes (Lareau, 2002). The author elaborated those micro processes relate with daily activities, while macro and mega processes deal with tactical decisions and organizational strategic decisions. Similarly, Lima et al. (2010), Kemmer et al. (2009), Peterson et al. (2022) and Ahmadisheykhsarmast and Sonmez (2020) mentioned that administrative processes in a construction company mainly associated with bid preparation and proposal, design activities and timely payment. Although administrative processes in construction industry are repetitive, and common to many projects and involves multiple specialists, less attention has been given to optimize those processes in construction literature (Pestana et al., 2014). Hence, the author implied that lack of transparency may accounted due to unknown time duration and less of indicators are applied to manage the process. In fact, to overcome those roadblocks, the administrative processes in construction sector have to be improved through studying the successful process improvement methods used in other sectors.
  Lean is a process improvement methodology renowned for its success in various industries. Lean principles are rooted in minimizing waste, optimizing processes and promoting a culture of continuous improvement (Womack and Jones, 1996). Thus, lean tools are required to be implemented to improve the administrative processes by reducing waste (Almeida et al., 2017). Veres et al. (2021) proved that applying lean tools has convinced them to obtain consistent results in many sectors.
  Lean is termed in different streams from various perspectives. Bortolotti et al. (2010) introduced it as management, which is the most effective methodology to improve the business process. Most scholars agree to define lean as a management process (Da-Wan and Chen, 2009; Emiliani, 2004). However, the origin of Lean was in the production system (Mao and Zhang, 2008). It diversified its concepts into various sectors such as health care, aerospace, IT (Jasti and Kodali, 2015), construction (Koskela, 2002) and public sector (Robinson and Yorkstone, 2014).
  
  Among the various sectors, lean-incorporated administrative processes are highly studied in the health-care sector (Kim et al., 2009; Bhat et al., 2014; Bhat and Jnanesh, 2014). The comparison between sectors with lean administrative processes is minimum. For instance, Krishnan and Parveen (2013) compared the lean tools applied to the health-care and manufacturing sectors. However, administrative processes in the health-care sector should have been highlighted. Even though Rodgers and Antony (2019) studied public sector areas such as health care, education and central government, implementing the lean tool is limited to Lean Six Sigma (LSS).

  Similarly, Singh and Rathi (2019) conducted an systematic literature review (SLR) for LSS application in different sectors such as health care, financial, education, manufacturing and human resource sectors. Their tools applied in sectors were studied, but only some specific tools for a particular sector were studied. Demast et al. (2013) conducted a study for the financial sector focusing on LSS tools used for financial services. However, chronological analysis of deploying LSS tools in a particular sector was not considered.
  Moreover, if lean tools are considered more appropriate, tools may be resulted without limiting to LSS. This study was designed to address the above research gaps. The above studies were scattered without comparing the lean tools used in different sectors to grasp the essential lean tools in administrative processes. Furthermore, Rodgers and Antony (2019) conducted SLR for applying continuous improvement techniques to the public sector. Suppose the study will study the applied different tools, the most suitable lean tools and techniques can be explored. In addition, chronological analysis provides information on how the subject evolves throughout time (Macaira et al., 2018).
  Furthermore, geographic analysis discovers whether the world has adapted to the primary research area concerned in an SLR (Cocchia, 2014). Lukrafka et al. (2020) conducted an SLR for deploying lean for the public sector. Despite this, insight into the tools still needs to be reviewed. Even though the geographical distribution of studies was explored in past studies, the chronological change of use of lean techniques in different sectors has yet to be reviewed by past studies. Studying the chronological developments of tools in different sectors will help to decide the suitable tools and techniques for the modern context. Hence, there needs to be more literature in the areas mentioned above, and still, a research gap exists.
  Furthermore, sector-wise comparison helps to find the suitability of the specific unique tools used in some sectors to other sectors as well. Although SLR has been conducted for the public administration sector in Lean, LSS and Six Sigma adaptation by Psomas et al. (2022), the authors needed a sector-wise comparison. Moreover, administrative processes should have concentrated on the SLR in past studies. Besides, the lean implementation of administrative processes is still at the fledgling stage. Molina and Fuentes (2022) investigated the different empirical findings on transforming lean administrative and academic processes in universities as a systematic review. Although the consequences of embarking lean are explored, the tools used in those administrative processes could be more insightful. Similarly, Tiso et al. (2021) insight to lean implementation in emergency departments excluding the administrative functions. Furthermore, comparing different sectors would facilitate demarcating the most valuable tools across the sectors and sectorspecific tools used to design suitable lean programmes for a particular sector. Because Costa et al. (2013) emphasized that applying lean-to-administrative processes in a production company is less attractive, even though administrative processes support the process’s main output, it still needs more attention.
  While Lean is often associated with manufacturing, its applicability to construction administration cannot be overstated. Lean offers a transformative perspective for construction administration. Lean identifies and eliminates various forms of waste, from unnecessary paperwork to inefficient communication channels, streamlining administrative processes (Dave, 2013). The authors further stressed that lean promotes efficient resource allocation, enabling construction administrators to make informed decisions that minimize delays and maximize productivity. Moreover, Belayutham et al. (2016) indicated that lean encourages a commitment to continuous improvement, fostering a culture of innovation and adaptability in construction administration. Nevertheless, lean-implemented administrative processes in the construction sector are slightly studied. Despite this, Bajjou et al. (2017) investigated that 20%–50% of costs are caused by waste in inefficient, traditional management processes in the construction industry. They pointed out that attention to non-construction activities should be improved by adapting to lean. Garrett and Lee (2011) attempted to incorporate the lean concept to streamline the submittal process of the construction sector. Belayutham et al. (2016) conducted to reduce delays in administrative processes related to the variation order process. However, there is still a gap in the systematic review of practical tools in the construction sector and a comparative analysis with other sectors. Therefore, this study aims to systematically analyse the implementation of lean in administrative processes, providing a sector-wise comparison to explore its prospects for the construction industry.
  The objectives of the study are to conduct a descriptive and content analysis of lean in administrative processes in different countries and sectors, to evaluate the adaptation of lean tools in administrative processes in different sectors, to determine the lean tools adapted in administrative processes in construction industry and to propose context, intervention, mechanism and outcome (CIMO) framework for lean integrated administrative processes with future research directions. This paper starts with an introduction to lean and administrative processes, directing to the research objectives. Next, a literature review on lean in administrative processes will be discussed. Subsequently, the research method, results and discussion will be presented.
2. Lean in the administrative process
The ideology of Lean application to administrative functions, revealed by Tapping and Shuker (2003), is defined as “Lean Office” (Costa et al., 2013; Zefaj, 2021; Tammela et al., 2017; Turati and Musetti, 2006; Oliveira et al., 2019). Comparing the similarities and disparities between the manufacturing sector and the lean office, the main deliverables are physical products in the manufacturing sector. At the same time, information, files and services are the deliverables in the lean office (Terpend and Shannon, 2021). On the other hand, tasks in a manufacturing plant are well structured, with no alternatives and less degree of freedom. In contrast, tasks in a lean office are less structured and allow change with many alternatives (Terpend and Shannon, 2021). This will cause to hinder the process standardization.
  Turati (2007) mentioned that only 1% of the information might add value to the administrative processes. Douglas et al. (2015) and Radnor and Walley (2008) mentioned the eight wastes: delay, duplication, unnecessary movement, unclear communication, incorrect inventory, opportunity loss, errors and people in administrative processes. However, Tammela et al. (2017) and Freitas and Freitas (2020) emphasized that eliminating waste related to information than the material flow should be the focal point in the lean office concept. Furthermore, Tammela et al. (2017) highlighted those frequent disturbances could be aroused through administrative activities like delays in issuing reports, less knowledge of internal processes, unnecessarily signing the documents and rigid bureaucratic procedures. Therefore, adapting lean tools should be considered as an attempt to reduce those issues. Therefore, systematic reviews on the extent of lean tool adaptation in various processes in different sectors are vital for successful lean implementation.
2.1 Lean tools and their application in administrative processes
While initially designed for the manufacturing and automotive sectors, lean tools have found widespread adoption across various industries. Even though Tapping and Shuker (2003) initially suggested that value stream mapping (VSM) is suitable for lean administrative processes, subsequent studies have explored its broader applications. For example, Freitas and Freitas (2020) and Yokoyama et al. (2019) disclosed that the main lean tools that can be deployed are 5S, VSM and standardized work. In addition, Goerke et al. (2015) supported the above findings as 5S, continuous improvement, standardization and visual management techniques apply to lean production and lean administration processes. In addition, Poka-yoke can be applied to administrative processes (Goerke et al., 2015). Commonly, 5S (sort, set in order, shine, standardize and sustain) means a set of practices for removing waste that does not add value to the process and improve the organization’s productivity (Kanamori et al., 2015). VSM exhibits the movement of materials and information through the selected production process (Librelato et al., 2014). Although the number of tools was determined for lean administrative processes, Pearce and Pons (2013) stressed that appropriate lean tools have to be selected as per the situation. However, a need for knowledge in selecting proper tools is raised by Pearce and Pons (2013). Hence, a systematic review of lean tools used for administrative processes would address the foresaid research gap.
3. Research method
Synthesis of research is a key rationale for reviewing literature with a considerable sample of literature (Lock and Giani, 2021). Comparing to bibliometric or narrative literature reviews, SLR is prominent to create evidence-based synthesis for a specific research question (Rowley and Paul, 2021; Sony and Naik, 2020). Therefore, the unbiased and transparent method has to be followed in an SLR (Richter and Schlieter, 2020). SLR synthesizes the state of knowledge in a respective field, and the future research directions can be identified (Page et al., 2021). Moreover, Page et al. (2021) emphasized that Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) is a well-designed reporting guideline to address the poor reporting of systematic reviews. The choice of PRISMA as SLR framework is well-grounded in its widespread recognition as a robust and transparent method for conducting SLR. Selcuk (2019) and Page et al. (2021) indicated that PRISMA provides a structured and standardized approach to systematically collect and synthesize research evidence, ensuring rigor and reducing bias in the review process. Given the complexity and multi-sector nature of this study, PRISMA’s comprehensive guidelines facilitate the transparent reporting of the systematic review, making it a highly suitable framework for this research. Thus, the protocol established in PRISMA 2020 has adapted for data collection and analysis. Furthermore, to conduct a comprehensive analysis, that step was divided in to descriptive analysis and content analysis. Moreover, PRISMA, published in 2009, was intended to assist systematic reviewers in evidently reporting the purpose of the review, what the authors did and what they found. The PRISMA 2020 statement substitutes the 2009 statement and includes new reporting guidance with advances in methods to identify, select, appraise and synthesize studies with a 27-item checklist (Page et al., 2021).
  Denyer and Tranfield (2009) mentioned that a better systematic review depends on a good research question. Even though the PICO (Populations, Interventions, Comparator and Outcome) method of formulating research questions is used explicitly in the PRISMA method, it has been widely accepted in health-care-related research (Cocca et al., 2019). On the other hand, CIMO is another framework initially proposed by Denyer et al. (2008), which has been applied in deriving research questions in management studies by different authors. Cooke et al. (2012) stated that CIMO could be used to build the research questions in management-related studies. The CIMO framework is more recommended than PICO for management studies (Anderson and Booth, 2022). Accordingly, the CIMO framework for generating research questions in social sciences is widely accepted and adhered to for this study.
	3.1 Material and methods
Prior to introducing PRISMA, it is important to outline the meticulous approach to selecting data sources. Hence, the study began by identifying relevant databases and repositories across various sectors, including health care, education, public administration and others, to encompass a wide range of sectors to ensure a holistic view of the integration of lean principles in administrative processes. After formulating research objectives, the search engines and keywords are determined. Alblooshi et al. (2020) added Science Direct, Emerald, Taylor and Francis, SpringerLink, Elsevier, Inderscience and Google Scholar as reputable databases publisher and search engines for the systematic literature review search process. Therefore, five reliable search engines are selected for the study Scopus, Science Direct, Emerald, Taylor and Francis and Google Scholar. Furthermore, the researchers aimed to include a variety of sources, such as empirical studies, case reports and theoretical papers, to provide a comprehensive overview of the subject matter and emphasize academic rigor and quality. In 1996, Womack and Jones disclosed its applicability to the service sector. Therefore, the ideology of diversion “lean” from manufacturing to the service sector was planted in 1996. Hence, the systematic literature review has conducted from 1996 to 2022 timeline.
  3.1.1 Search words and strings. The initial step in PRISMA 2020 identification of the related articles was accomplished using a search string with keywords relating to the administrative processes and lean comprise with Boolean operators. Furthermore, the used search strings for the initial repository are presented in Table 1.
  As shown in Table 1, keywords related to Lean, Lean concept, Lean tools, administrative processes were included to the search string. In fact, “Lean” AND “Administrative process” OR “Administrative processes” AND “Lean technique” OR “Lean tool” AND “Lean management” OR “Lean concept” OR “Lean philosophy” searched in Title/abstract/ keywords. In addition, to establish an in-depth search of relevant sources, Lean-related terms such as “continuous improvement” AND “lean office” OR “lean integrated administrative process” terms were searched in all text. Furthermore, more keywords and exclusion criteria have been used in Scopus database to select relevant literature. Next, the screening process was performed by including journals, conference papers and unpublished theses, while excluding editorials and publications except in English. The PRISMA flow diagram used for the study is given in Figure 1.
  According to Figure 1, 1,817 articles were selected from the searched protocol. As per the exclusion criteria, book chapters, editorials and review papers in the English language, 277 articles were removed from the initial repository. Subsequently, 1,540 articles were screened further after excluding 818 papers without containing lean-specific terms either in the title or abstract. Progressively, the resultant 722 articles were further screened by using four main exclusion criteria; not applying to administrative-related processes, no lean tool was applied, not an empirical study and implementation of lean tools but not analysed. As visualized in Figure 1, articles were refined up to 365 based on the above four reasons. Meantime, 14 articles were added to the repository and refined through reading the entire paper. Ultimately, 86 articles were taken into descriptive and content analysis.


Emerald
Scopus
Google Scholar
Science Direct
Taylor and
FrancisLean AND (Lean tools) OR (Lean tool) OR (Lean concept) AND
(administrative process) OR (administrative procedures) OR (continuous improvement) OR (lean integrated administrative process)
TITLE-ABS-KEY (((lean) AND (lean AND concept OR lean AND principles OR lean AND techniques))) AND PUBYEAR > 2009 AND (LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2023) OR LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2022) OR
LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2021) OR LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2020) OR
LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2019) OR LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2018) OR
LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2017) OR LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2016) OR
LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2015)) AND (LIMIT-TO (SUBJAREA, “BUSI”)
OR LIMIT-TO (SUBJAREA, “SOCI”) OR LIMIT-TO (SUBJAREA,
“ECON”)) AND (LIMIT-TO (LANGUAGE, “English”)) AND (LIMIT-TO
(SRCTYPE, “j”)) AND (LIMIT-TO (EXACTKEYWORD, “Lean
Production”) OR LIMIT-TO (EXACTKEYWORD, “Lean Manufacturing”)
OR LIMIT-TO (EXACTKEYWORD, “Lean”) OR LIMIT-TO
(EXACTKEYWORD, “Lean Six Sigma”) OR LIMIT-TO
(EXACTKEYWORD, “Lean Management”) OR LIMIT-TO
(EXACTKEYWORD, “Lean office”))
“lean”, lean principles, lean concepts, lean philosophy administ* “administrative processes”
Lean AND Lean tools OR Lean administrative OR Administrative process OR lean tools OR Lean concept OR Lean office OR administrative procedure AND Service
[All: lean] AND [All: lean] AND [All: tools] AND [All: lean] AND
[[All: administrative] OR [All: administrative]] AND [[All: process] OR
[All: lean]] AND [[All: tools] OR [All: lean]] AND [[All: concept] OR
[All: lean]] AND [[All: office] OR [All: administrative]] AND
[All: procedure] AND [All: service] AND [Publication Date: (01/01/1996 TO 22/07/2022)]2022.7.23–25
2022.7.22–25
2022.7.25–28
2022.7.28–30Table 1.
Used search string for each sourceSource: Created by authors4. Results and discussion of descriptive analysis on the use of lean inadministrative processes
The publication trend of empirical studies conducted through the past years and sector-wise distribution of related studies are insights through descriptive analysis.
4.1 Publication trend from 1996 to 2022
The distribution of publications in the past 26 consecutive years on lean in administrative processes is presented in Figure 2.
  Womack and Jones (1996) initiated the incorporation of lean principles to streamline service sector processes. Thus, deployment of lean concepts other than the industry has initiated after this landmark. However, the application of lean tools for improving administrative processes in different sectors was initiated after 2000. However, Figure 2 shows that fewer publications were published during the first decade of the 2000s. Rodgers and Antony (2019) examined a similar pattern for a systematic review based on lean studies in the public sector. Next, the gradual increment tended to its peak point during the 2019 period, proving the wide distribution of lean techniques in various sectors. Peyton et al. (2022) emphasized that COVID-19 created a new constraint to empirical studies. Hence, the trend presented as a drastic decline in studies in 2020 and a slight increment hereafter.

Figure1. PRISMA flow diagram used for the study

  

Source: Created by authors
  
Furthermore, Singh and Rathi (2019) revealed that the temporal analysis provides information on how the awareness of a particular subject is disseminated to the world. Due to the development of technology, multiple dissemination sources would be caused for adapting lean in administrative processes. Therefore, the above graph emphasizes that knowledge of lean in administrative processes has increased gradually.
4.2 Geographical distribution of publications based on different sectors
The geographical distribution of publications for lean in administrative processes in different sectors is depicted in Figure 3.

	YEAR	Publication trend
                                                                                  from 1996 to 2022 Source: Created by authors

Abu et al. (2021) and Jasti and Kodali (2015) have shed light on the extensive involvement of the UK and USA in Lean production studies. Similarly, they have found that studies pertaining to Lean administrative processes are notably prevalent in these nations. Furthermore, Sinha and Matharu (2019) underscored that while developed countries undoubtedly lead the way in Lean-related research, developing countries are increasingly engaging in studies related to Lean methodologies. In alignment with this perspective, emerging economies like Brazil, Indonesia and India exhibit a substantial inclination towards studying lean administrative processes across various sectors. Notably, Zargun and Al-Ashaab (2014) emphasized critical success factors in lean implementation in developed nations, including top management commitment, financial capabilities, cultural readiness, organizational culture, skills and expertise and knowledge sharing. However, it is worth noting that most developing countries still lag behind in implementing lean methodologies across different sectors, often due to resource constraints and challenges in service delivery (Kelendar et al., 2020). Nevertheless, this presents an opportune moment for these sectors in developing countries to transition into Lean environments, as highlighted by Silva et al. (2015). Furthermore, the percentage of studies that have been conducted in health care, education, public administration and other sectors is presented in Figure 3. There are 22 countries engaged with lean-incorporated administrative processes. Most of the regions are recorded with studies mentioned above except in Africa. Similarly, Rodgers and Antony (2019) concluded that there need to be more studies in the African region through the geographical analysis of lean implementation in the public sector. Most countries conducted studies on administrative processes in at least one or two sectors, while the USA, the UK, Sweden, Malaysia and Indonesia conducted their studies in three sectors. Nonetheless, as Maware et al. (2022) elucidated, there is a notably higher number of studies conducted in developed countries compared to developing countries, particularly within the service sector, owing to their earlier adoption of Lean principles in manufacturing. This study concurs with this observation, noting a scarcity of research focused on enhancing administrative processes in manufacturing, construction and production-oriented sectors.
  Moreover, studies related to the health-care sector are widely accepted across the globe, and more attention is given to the public administration sector by European countries than other countries in the region. Furthermore, some sectors are in the lacuna of lean-integrated administrative processes in different countries; for instance, Spain and Israel are in a dearth of studies related to health care and education, while Taiwan and Kuwait need more studies related to health care, education and public administration sectors. Even in the same sector, different types of lean tools are applied to streamline the administrative processes within the sectors. Therefore, understanding the tools used in lean integrated administrative processes is imperative, as discussed in the following sections.
5. Results and discussion of the content analysis on the use of lean inadministrative processes
This section discusses the application of lean tools in different sectors and sector-specific lean tools.
5.1 Tools applied in administrative processes in different sectors
Oliveira et al. (2019) presented the appropriate lean tools for administrative processes as 5S, VSM models as standardized works, continuous flow and takt time. However, sector-wise segregation of lean tools in administrative processes is limited. Hence, Table 1 presents the lean tools deployed in administrative processes in health care, education, public administration and other sectors, including construction, financial services and logistic services.
  According to Table 2 above, lean tools are commonly used in every sector. Comparing all sectors, studies for incorporating lean in administrative processes were frequently conducted in the health-care sector. Even in the health-care sector, the patient registration and insurance clearance processes are the mainly concentrated administrative processes (Ng et al., 2010; Bhat et al., 2014; Kovach and Borikar, 2018). Similarly, student admission processes are central concerned administrative processes in the education sector. In the public administration sector, processes at municipal councils and local councils were highly subjected to streamlining (Barraza et al., 2009; Kim, 2020; Kregel and Coners, 2018; Lundkvist and Gustavsson, 2018).
  Furthermore, attention to streamlining the administrative processes in other sectors is less. In the construction industry, attempts have been made to regulate the administrative processes at site offices (Costa et al., 2013; Ko and Li, 2015). As per the Table 2, very limited types of administrative processes were focussed to transform in to lean in construction
  
Scheduling the process at different departments, orthopaedic surgery clinic, elective orthopaedic surgery, outpatient department[1], [2], [4], [5],
[33]Kim et al. (2009), Daly et al. (2021), Narayanamurthy et al. (2018)Patient transfer process, outpatient department[6], [7]Young and Wachter (2009)Reduction of waiting times In health-care services, surgical ward, oncology department, musculoskeletal department[1], [4], [7], [8],
[9], [33]Pillay et al. (2011), Delisle et al. (2018), Simons et al. (2017), Moroço and Pazin-Filho (2022), Cheung et al.
(2016)Reduction of dispatching time for sending reports[33]Basta et al. (2016)Reduction of cycle time[1], [10], [11]Taha et al. (2022)Reduction of time for insurance claim[33]Kovach and Borikar (2018)Ease of decision taken at an emergency department[12], [13]Setijono et al. (2010)Streamline the processes in health care visiting services[1], [14]Grove et al. (2010)Surgical material flow[1], [10]Tortorella et al. (2017)Processes in a health-care service lab[1], [4], [7], [9],
[15]Barnabe et al. (2018)Pharmaceutical distribution process[15], [16], [17]Argiyantari et al. (2022)Outpatient department operations[33]Bhat and Jnanesh (2014)Outpatient surgical process with
RFTP[33]Southard et al. (2012)Public health services[18]Utomo et al. (2019)Ward inventory management
services[33]Laureani et al. (2013)Keeping medical records[33]Laureani et al. (2013)Laboratory processes[4], [6], [19],
[20]Laureani et al. (2013)Fall prevention[17], [21], [22]Laureani et al. (2013)Psychiatric clinic[1], [6], [19],Laureani et al. (2013)Service management process[13]Sharma et al. (2007)Ideal patient care experience[3]Strong et al. (2008)I4 Technology[1], [4]Ilangakoon et al. (2021)Streamline the processes at a military hospital[1], [4], [23]Silva et al. (2015)Vaccination process – COVID-19[3]Smith and Smith (2021)Recover the backlogs in paediatric service[3]Smith and Bayliss (2022)Streamline the process of
peripherally inserted catheter service[1], [4]Kim et al. (2009)Coordination of care in outpatient settings[1]Kim et al. (2009)Health care	Patient registration process at emergency department, outpatient department
[1], [2], [3],	Ng et al. (2010), Bhat et al. (2014)
[33]
  
Education	Student admission process/
registration process Streamline the library processes, cataloguing process
[1], [4], [15],	Oko and Kang (2015), Magalhaes	Table 2. [33]	et al. (2019), Wijnhoven et al. (2016)	Tools applied in
[1], [8]	Billings et al. (2017)	administrative processes in different
	(continued)	sectors
  


Book processing time[33]Sunder and Mahalingam (2018)Streamline the student grading process[8], [24]Doman (2011)Student visa process[33]Svensson et al. (2015)Student checkout process[25]Barsan and Codrea (2019)Improve teaching process[26], [33]Li et al. (2019)Streamline the process of the university publication unit[27]Hapuhinna et al. (2020)Streamline the process at the graduate office[33]Webb and Furterer (2019)Streamline newly recruited lecturer registration[1]Azizan et al. (2021)Streamline the leave management process[1]Tharangani et al. (2019)Public administrationProcesses at local government/local councils public services, maintenance department, taxation department[4], [6], [10]Barraza et al. (2009)Streamline the police recruitment process[4], [6], [10]Krings et al. (2006)Social services department/park and gardens department[1], [13]Barraza et al. (2009)Processes at municipal councils, trash management, fuel management, welfare department[26], [33]Kim (2020), Kregel and Coners
(2018), Lundkvist and Gustavsson (2018)Process related to public services[2]Yasin et al. (2001)Daycare administration[6], [10], [28]Ose et al. (2018)Streamline the tax registration process[33]Sunaryanto and Syah (2019)Improve the hiring process[6], [8],Barraza and Pujol (2010)Services given by police, improve traffic management[1], [3]Adler et al. (2012)Police services[33]Antony et al. (2017)Improve customer satisfaction in the citizen relationship office[1],[4], [8],
[29]Pietro et al. (2013)Improve processes at regulatory agencies[1], [5], [8],Almeida et al. (2017)Issuing ID card services[33]Ginanjar and Syah (2019)Other sectorsStream line the distribution of pork[1]Taylor (2006)Call centre processes[1]Piercy and Rich (2009)Streamline the HR processes[33]Laureani and Antony (2010)Streamline the filing process[1], [5], [21],
[30]Stojkic et al. (2014), Garcia et al. (2012)Streamline the patent application process[1]Amaral and Forcellini (2016)Streamline the loan application process[3], [5], [10],
[27]Alnajem (2020)Issuing credit voucher[33]Lee et al. (2013)Logistic department operations in a manufacturing sector[1], [4], [5], [6],
[8], [9], [21],
[23], [26], [32]Goerke et al. (2015), Pucheta et al. (2019), Monteiro et al. (2017)Construction[1], [31]Belayutham et al. (2016)(continued)
Table 2.


Improve the administrative processes related to sedimentation
process at a construction site
	Design company	[4], [8], [17, ]	Khan et al. (2019)
[27]
Improve the office processes at the	[1], [31]	Costa et al. (2013), Ko and Li (2015) site office in the construction sector	
Notes: 1 – VSM, 2 – JIT, 3 – PDCA, 4 – 5S/e5s, 5 – A3, 6 – process flow/process map, 7 – Takt time analysis/time-related analysis, 8 – KAIZEN, 9 – visual management, 10 – Gemba walks/Gemba/Gemba Kaizen, 11 – SIPOC, 12 – value stream analysis, 13 – simulation techniques/IT solutions, 14 – time and motion studies, 15 – KPI, 16 – 5whys, 17 – RCA, 18 – FMEA, 19 – 7 waste analysis, 20 – load levelling, 21 – Poka-yoke, 22 – control charts, 23 – standardization of works, 24 – JISHKU, 25 – ECRS, 26 – CI, 27 – Pareto analysis, 28 – KAIKAKU, 29 – Spaghetti charts, 30 – 8D, 31 – causal loop diagram, 32 – Kanban, 33 – LSS; RFTP = radio frequency identification (RFID) technology
	Source: Created by authors	Table 2.

industry. Furthermore, few number of lean tools are deployed in construction industry. Therefore, the adaptability of other lean tools for different administrative processes in construction industry can be validated. Consequently, the categorization of commonly used lean tools in administrative processes is presented in Figure 4.
  According to Figure 4, 33 lean tools were positioned in various studies. Although Costa and Filho (2016) confirmed that VSM, standardized work, rapid improvement events/Kaizen events and process mapping are determined as frequently practical lean tools, Figure 4 indicates that nearly ten types of tools are famous in deploying lean in related studies, namely, 5S, continuous improvement, plan-do-check-act (PDCA), just-in-time, VSM, Key Performance Indicators (KPI), Kaizen, Gemba Kaizen, Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Suppliers, Inputs, Process, Outputs and Customers (SIPOC), Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA), A3 sheet and Poka-yoke. Out of them, VSM is highly practised, and the 5S, Kaizen and PDCA are also frequently used tools. Hence, when designing lean execution for administrative processes, above tools are more appropriate for many sectors.
  Moreover, LSS applications in administrative processes are higher than other lean tools. Andersson et al. (2006) emphasized that LSS is responsible for improving the processes by reducing variation. If the administrative processes with a higher variation of time taking to complete the process, LSS can be adapted to address the issues. Consequently, the study confirms that the VSM tool is highly used in all sectors. As Table 1 indicates, studies conducted by Ilangakoon et al. (2021) and Kim et al. (2009) confirmed that VSM is predominantly applicable to restructuring the processes of the health-care sector.
  Furthermore, Setijono et al. (2010) categorized the time spent in a hospital as medication and care, administrative time and waiting time, while most of the studies are based on reducing waiting times in a specific hospital department. Bhat et al. (2014) and Bhat and Jnanesh (2014) used LSS tools to reduce the long waiting time of patients. Nevertheless, administrative process delays link with other processes in a system. This was supported by Smith and Bayliss (2022), who concluded that poor administrative processes rely on healthcare services. Therefore, the quality of the service depends on the administrative processes.
  According to Li et al. (2019), higher education institutes are involved in education and business processes. While improving the quality of education service, attention must be
LSS

KANB
    CA 8D
SPAG
KAIKA
PAN
USAL LOO
HETTI CHA
KU
ARETO AN
ANDERDIZ
ROL CHART
OKA YOKE
LEVELLING ASTE ANA
S
AND MO
SIMULATI
LUE STREA
          G UAL MAN
KAP DIAGRAM
RTS
ALYSIS
ATION OF 
LYSIS
TION STUD
ON TECHN
M ANALY
EMBA WA AGEMENT
IZEN
E ANALYSI
OCESS FL
5S/eWORKS
IES
IQUES/ IT 
SIS
LKS/ GEM
S/ TIME R
OW/ PROC
5S SOLUTIONS BA/ GEMB
ELATED A
ESS MAPA KAIZEN
NALYSISCIECRS
JISHKU
ST
CONT
PLOAD 
7 W
FMEA
RCA5 WHY
KPITIME VA
SIPOCVISTAKT TIM
        PR A3PDCAJITVSM
	0	510	15	20	25	3035	40	Healthcare	Educaon	Public Administraon	Other sectorFigure4.
Sector-wise comparison of lean
tools used in	FREQUENCY administrative processes
Source: Created by authors

given to upgrading the business process. Hence, different kinds of administrative-related processes in education, office management and business management have been focused on in different studies. Accordingly, those lean tools can be adapted to similar processes in universities. Moreover, Azizan et al. (2021) pointed out that red tapes are a crucial obstacle to implementing administrative process changes. Even though most education sector studies used more than one lean tool for improving administrative processes, Hapuhinna et al. (2020) used only Pareto analysis to improve some of the administrative processes in a university’s research and publication unit.
  In addition, VSM is only adopted by education-related studies conducted by Billings et al. (2017) and Wijnhoven et al. (2016). Webb and Furterer (2019) applied LSS to improve the payment process. Reviewing the above findings allows the administrative processes to be streamlined even when applying a single lean tool.
  Furthermore, Turati (2007) stated that lean manufacturing tools could be used in administrative processes. Aligning with that perspective, Adler et al. (2012) stated that automated machines are used for efficient traffic police service. On the other hand, Krings et al. (2006) grasped the time-saving in the police recruitment process waiting for results by 50% in a municipal area in Cincinnati, OH, whereas Kim (2020) measured the annual saving of fuel cost by $200 by implementing LSS in the USA. In addition, Barraza et al. (2009) stated that by implementing 5S into the social development department, the quantity of recycled paper usage was increased. The shelf space was improved by 172 linear meters, which was 44% of the total shelf capacity. Therefore, improving administrative processes can achieve both intangible and tangible benefits.
  Moreover, Goerke et al. (2015) stated that lean integrated administrative processes in a manufacturing plant would facilitate producing better quality products. Therefore, manufacturing sector administrative processes must be concentrated on transforming to lean.
  5.1.1 Lean tools used for administrative processes in the construction sector. Out of the limited studies conducted in the construction industry, Belayutham et al. (2016) attempted to streamline the administrative processes in a sedimentation process at a site by using VSM and causal loop diagram. The author further directed that a combination of these lean tools and cleaner lean construction can be achieved. VSM adapted to streamline the variation order process. Waste in administrative processes was explored, and the expected process’s future state was mapped. Costa et al. (2013) streamlined the payment process of the suppliers in a construction company by adapting VSM. As a result, eliminating wastage, improving quality and achieving deadlines were perceived. Moreover, 25% of the process cycle time was reduced. Therefore, VSM is an appropriate lean tool for regulating the administrative processes in the construction industry.
5.2 Sector-specific lean tools applied in administrative processes
Accordingly, in lean administrative processes, SIPOC, 5whys, load levelling and time and motion studies tools are applied only for the health-care sector. Magalhaes et al. (2019) indicated that lean tools such as standardized works, 5S, VSM, Poka-yoke and KPI are necessary for administrative processes. Nevertheless, Barsan and Codrea (2019) adapted some manufacturing-related lean tools (ECRS) to improve the administrative process at the university. Hence, the ECRS tool is applied explicitly to administrative processes in the education sector. Here, university student checkout process was streamlined by implementing ECRS; E ¼ Eliminate unnecessary work, C ¼ Combine operations, R ¼ Rearrange the sequence of operations, S ¼Simplify the necessary operations. From these wasteful steps, steps can be combined, and rearranged steps and steps can be simplified, investigated and rescheduled. By reviewing the above process, involvement with different departments and departments in the same organization can apply this method to their administrative processes.
  Nevertheless, this may only apply to some health-care sectors where patient registration and clinical processes are present. However, the ECRS method can be used explicitly for the organization with more internal processes. Moreover, Goerke et al. (2015) adopted Kanban tools, while 8D was adapted by Garcia et al. (2012) to regulate the administrative processes in logistic services. Generally, the Kanban tool is formulated to regulate the stocks efficiently, which can be adapted to administrative processes, including inventory management. In addition, causal loop diagrams were adapted by Belayutham et al. (2016) for the administrative process in the construction sector, respectively.
                   Furthermore, Kanban cards are used in managing the stocks in warehouses by Mendez et al. (2015). Deploying Spaghetti charts is still encountered in administrative processes in citizen relationship offices (Pietro et al., 2013), while Kaikaku (Ose et al., 2018) is limited to administrative processes in daycare administration in the Danish public sector. However, the adaptability of the above lean tools in similar processes in other sectors has to be investigated to standardize the  administrative processes. These specific lean tools can be used for similar administrative processes in that particular sector. However, the adaptability of the above specific lean tools for other sectors can be checked. Furthermore, Belayutham et al. (2016) have indicated that the standard operation of government procedures can be revised according to process improvement using lean tools. Ultimately, the CIMO framework is developed to recapitulate the above findings.
5.3 Context, Intervention, Mechanism, and Outcome framework for lean integrated administrative processes in different sectors
The CIMO framework has been widely accepted for systematic reviews. Furthermore, CIMO analysis determines the mechanisms that explain a phenomenon in the study and how lean interventions affected the context streamlining the process. Pilbeam et al. (2019) added CIMO as an analytical framework for the safety intervention of an organization. In addition, Sony and Naik (2020) adapted CIMO to review the manufacturing sector systematically. Except for the study by Caldera et al. (2017), there needs to be more literature on lean-adapted processes under the CIMO framework. Henceforth, the CIMO framework has been adapted for this study.
  “Context” is an article related to lean-implemented administrative functions across the industry and services sectors. “Interventions” are the actions or events for the effects of which are being studied, “Mechanisms” stands for analysing particular interventions either lean which lead to change in the current performances, whereas “Outcome” indicates the results of implementing the interventions. The CIMO framework for Lean in administrative processes in different sectors is presented in following Figure 5.

Under the CIMO framework, context represents health care, education, public administration and other sectors. Here, the application of lean is the intervention, and the mechanism of the intervention was deploying different lean tools. Out of them, some of the lean tools were categorized as commonly used lean tools, and some have been used as specific to a particular sector so far. As a result, wastes from the processes were minimized, and effectiveness improved. Although social infrastructure projects like education and health-care sectors align with the lean concept in their administrative processes to some extent, more attention should be given to streamlining the administrative processes in physical infrastructure projects. Physical infrastructure projects are involved with providing basic facilities for the people and as physical assets for a country. Because lengthy administrative processes also affect extending the project milestones and result in time and cost overruns, streamlining the administrative processes are facilitated by encompassing the critical milestones of the infrastructure development projects. Finally, this will facilitate to reach process improvement and standardization.
6. Conclusions
Administrative processes are integral to all sectors, necessitating their optimization for anticipated outcomes. Before executing the lean transformation, appropriate tools and specifically used tools used in administrative processes will facilitate the lean-incorporated administrative processes. Moreover, chronological analysis of studies conducted for lean in administrative processes may facilitate designing an appropriate lean transformation programme for different sectors.
  Lean applications to administrative processes were initiated after the 2000s, and the increasing trend was drastically reduced between 2020 and 2021 period due to COVID-19 global pandemic. Furthermore, in geographical analysis, the USA and UK are highly deployed lean tools for administrative processes. However, it has some improvements in studies of lean-administrative processes in some emerging economies such as Brazil, Indonesia and India. However, initiatives can be taken on critical success factors in lean implementation of developed countries in to developing countries contexts. Through the geographical analysis, lean-integrated administrative processes in education sector can be conducted in some of the developed countries like UK, Sweden, Ireland, Portugal and European countries as well as the developing countries as Mexico, Brazil and Taiwan. Moreover, studies should be focused to streamline the administrative processes in construction sector in both developed and developing countries.
  The findings revealed a significant increment in the lean application except in the manufacturing sector. Moreover, lean application to administrative processes has increased, irrespective of the industry or services. However, studies related to administrative processes are streamlined by using lean tools and are concentrated explicitly in the health-care and education sectors.
  VSM remarked on its universality in lean application in administrative processes. Moreover, 5S, Kaizen, Process mapping and LSS tools have been adapted in empirical studies in health-care, education, public administration and other sectors. On the other hand, lean tools such as SIPOC, 5whys, load levelling and time and motion studies were screened as specific to administrative processes in the health-care sector. In contrast, the ECRS tool is applied explicitly to administrative processes in the education sector. Moreover, Kanban, 8D and Causal loop diagrams are specific to the administrative processes in other sectors, such as logistic services and the construction industry.
  Considering the other sector category, studies needed to be conducted for the administrative processes in the construction industry. Out of the limited studies in the construction industry administrative processes at the submittal process, the payment process for the suppliers was streamlined by adapting lean tools. The other administrative processes in construction industry can be reorganized by deploying lean tool such as VSM. However, there are more lean tools still not tested for the administrative processes in construction industry, and tools can be selected by using the CIMO framework.
  CIMO framework provides a guideline for practitioners to transform to lean by deploying the sector-specific lean tools and commonly used lean tools for administrative processes in a respective sector. Moreover, in academia, the adaptability of sector specific lean tools can be tested for the administrative processes in other sectors. Furthermore, CIMO framework can be expanded by adding more sectors after adapting to lean tools to streamline the administrative processes in a sector which are not yet transform in to lean. Ultimately, the findings are presented in the CIMO framework, representing how it achieves process improvement by deploying lean tools under lean intervention.
7. The way forward and contribution of the study
Considering the sector-wise comparison, some sectors lack studies on lean-integrated administrative processes. Therefore, the studies that are linked with administrative processes in other sectors like physical infrastructure projects, banking and tourism industries are less. Regarding the frequently used lean tools in administrative processes, VSM, continuous improvement, Gemba kaizen and Kaizen are at the forefront.
  This review article encourages academics and practitioners to disseminate a deeper understanding of the application of lean tools in different administrative processes, and specific tools that can be adapted to a particular sector as practitioners are provided with the special implication of lean tools, specific tools for a specific sector to facilitate the decisionmaking in lean adaptation to administrative processes in an organization.
  Still, the construction sector’s attention to incorporating lean in administrative processes is at the minimum stage. Thus, lean tools can be deployed for different administrative processes in the construction industry. There, the adaptability of different lean tools can be tested for various types of administrative processes in the construction sector. For instance, the Kanban tool is deployed in warehouse administrative processes, which can also be proposed to the construction industry.
  The CIMO framework offers a structured approach for future research endeavours. Hence, researchers and academics also benefited from these findings presented in the CIMO framework. Researchers can use this framework to systematically assess the impact and effectiveness of lean tools in diverse administrative processes across sectors. By doing so, research can become more targeted, helping to uncover nuanced insights into the applicability of Lean interventions. As shown in the CIMO framework, sectors which are not improved under lean intervention can be transformed by adapting different lean tools. Using the CIMO framework provides several advantages. It offers a holistic view of the Lean intervention process, making it adaptable to various sectors. This framework can help organizations identify specific areas where Lean practices can lead to process improvements. By following its structured approach, organizations can transition more smoothly to Lean administrative processes. Furthermore, adapting a specific lean tool in a particular sector can be tested for applicability in administrative processes in a different sector. On the other hand, administrative process delays can occur due to rigid bureaucratic process steps. Hence, applying KPI would facilitate incorporating lean principles into administrative processes. While the CIMO framework is valuable, it may have limitations, such as its applicability to certain unique contexts or challenges in real-world implementation. Future research should focus on addressing these limitations and exploring how the framework can be enhanced or modified to suit different scenarios. This includes investigating potential challenges and barriers in the practical application of the framework.
  Similarly, the ECRS tool was applied to improve the administrative process, including services in the education sector. However, these tools are not widely applied in the services sector and need more administrative processes. Especially, causal loop diagram is a
  technique used explicitly for the administrative process in a construction company. Therefore, this can be considered an identical technique for administrative processes.
  These findings of the study are related to the social implications, and incorporating lean tools into administrative systems would reduce administrative waste and ensure the efficient use of resources. Moreover, reducing waste from the system would lead to diverting into a reform. Therefore, lean-integrated administrative reform will be a contemporary needed reform instead of conventional types of administrative reforms. Because this study provides new roots for streamlining the administrative processes in the construction industry, it would be a valuable addition to the construction industry.
8. Limitations
Even though the keywords should be sufficiently broad but specific to the topic, if more than this balance is needed, keywords were redefined inclusion with lean-specific terms such as continuous improvement and lean office; some of the articles’ keywords are separate from administrative processes. Hence, the search query was amended with search in all text. less
  Because lesser studies are screened under construction, finance and logistics sectors, they are clustered under the heading “other sectors” for the analysis.
References
Abu, F., Gholami, H., Saman, M.Z.M., Zakuan, N., Sharif, S. and Streimikiene, D. (2021), “Pathways of lean manufacturing in wood and furniture industries: a bibliometric and systematic review”, European Journal of Wood and Wood Products, Vol. 79 No. 4, pp. 753-772, doi: 10.1007/s00107021-01713-2.
Adler, N., Hakkert, A.S., Kornbluth, J. and Sher, M. (2012), “Lean management for traffic-police enforcement planning”, Policing: An International Journal of Police Strategies and Management, Vol. 35 No. 4, pp. 662-686, doi: 10.1108/13639511211275382.
Ahmadisheykhsarmast, S. and Sonmez, R. (2020), “A smart contract system for security of payment of construction contracts”, Automation in Construction, Vol. 120, p. 103401, doi: 10.1016/j. autcon.2020.103401.
Alblooshi, M., Shamsuzzaman, M., Khoo, M.B.C., Rahim, A. and Haridy, S. (2020), “Requirements, challenges and impacts of Lean Six Sigma applications – a narrative synthesis of qualitative research”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 12 No. 2, pp. 318-367, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS06-2019-0067.
Almeida, J.P.L., Galina, S.V.R., Grande, M.M. and Brum, D.G. (2017), “Lean thinking: planning and implementation in the public sector”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 8 No. 4, pp. 390-410, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-06-2016-0027.
Alnajem, M. (2020), “Learning by doing: an undergraduate lean A3 project in a Kuwaiti bank”, The TQM Journal, Vol. 33 No. 1, pp. 71-94, doi: 10.1108/TQM-01-2020-0010.
Amaral, C.E.D. and Forcellini, F.A. (2016), “Patent development and filing in Brazil: application of value stream mapping to optimise the patent generating process of a company”, available at: http://nopr.niscpr.res.in/bitstream/123456789/35370/1/JIPR%2021(4)%20226-237.pdf (accessed 12 December 2022).
Anderson, P.F. and Booth, A. (2022), “Question frameworks”, in Foster M.J. and Jewell S.T. (Eds). Piecing Together Systematic Reviews and Other Evidence Syntheses: A Guide for Librarians, The Rowman and Littlefield publishing, Lanham, p. 45.
Andersson, R., Eriksson, H. and Torstensson, H. (2006), “Similarities and differences between TQM, six sigma and lean”, The TQM Magazine, Vol. 18 No. 3, pp. 282-296.
Antony, J., Rodgers, B. and Cudney, E.A. (2017), “Lean Six Sigma in policing services: case examples, lessons learnt and directions for future research”, Total Quality Management and Business Excellence, Vol. 30 Nos 5/6, pp. 613-625, doi: 10.1080/14783363.2017.1327319.

Argiyantari, B., Simatupang, T.M. and Basri, M.H. (2022), “Transportation performance improvement through lean thinking implementation”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 13 No. 3, pp. 622-647, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-06-2020-0075.
Azizan, I.S., Ismail, J., Ahmad Zawawi, A., Rusli, N. and Ahmad, A. (2021), “1HRDP. Ver2: Effective administrative tool towards lean productivity”, available at: https://ir.uitm.edu.my/id/eprint/ 55727 (accessed 11 December 2022).
Badi, S., Ochieng, E., Nasaj, M. and Papadaki, M. (2021), “Technological, organisational and environmental determinants of smart contracts adoption: UK construction sector viewpoint”, Construction Management and Economics, Vol. 39 No. 1, pp. 36-54.
Bajjou, M.S., Chafi, A. and En-Nadi, A. (2017), “A comparative study between lean construction and the traditional production system”, International Journal of Engineering Research in Africa, Vol. 29, pp. 118-132.
Barnabe, F., Giorgino, M.C., Guercini, J., Bianciardi, C. and Mezzatesta, V. (2018), “Management simulations for Lean healthcare: exploiting the potentials of role-playing”, Journal of Health Organization and Management, Vol. 32 No. 2, pp. 298-320, doi: 10.1108/JHOM-07-2017-0191.
Barraza, M.F.S. and Pujol, J.R. (2010), “Implementation of Lean-Kaizen in the human resource service process: a case study in a Mexican public service organisation”, Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management, Vol. 21 No. 3, pp. 388-410, doi: 10.1108/17410381011024359.
Barraza, M.F.S., Smith, T. and Dahlgaard-Park, S.M. (2009), “Lean-kaizen public service: an empirical approach in Spanish local governments”, The TQM Journal, Vol. 21 No. 2, pp. 143-167, doi: 10.1108/17542730910938146.
Barsan, R.M. and Codrea, F.M. (2019), “Lean university: applying the ECRS method to improve an administrative process”, MATEC Web of Conferences, Vol. 290, p. 7003, doi: 10.1051/matecconf/201929007003.
Basta, Y.L., Zwetsloot, I.M., Klinkenbijl, J.H., Rohof, T., Monster, M.M., Fockens, P. and Tytgat, K.M. (2016), “Decreasing the dispatch time of medical reports sent from hospital to primary care with Lean Six Sigma”, Journal of Evaluation in Clinical Practice, Vol. 22 No. 5, pp. 690-698, doi: 10.1111/jep.12518.
Belayutham, S., Gonzalez, V.A. and Yiu, T.W. (2016), “Clean–lean administrative processes: a case study on sediment pollution during construction”, Journal of Cleaner Production, Vol. 126, pp. 134-147, doi: 10.1016/j.jclepro.2016.02.091.
Berwick, D.M. and Hackbarth, A.D. (2012), “Eliminating waste in US health care”, JAMA, Vol. 307 No. 14, pp. 1513-1516, doi: 10.1001/jama.2012.362.
Bhat, S. and Jnanesh, N.A. (2014), “Application of Lean Six Sigma methodology to reduce the cycle time of out-patient department service in a rural hospital”, International Journal of Healthcare Technology and Management, Vol. 14 No. 3, pp. 222-237, doi: 10.1504/IJHTM.2014.064257.
Bhat, S., Gijo, E.V. and Jnanesh, N.A. (2014), “Application of Lean Six Sigma methodology in the registration process of a hospital”, International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management, Vol. 63 No. 5, pp. 613-643, doi: 10.1108/IJPPM-11-2013-0191.
Billings, L., Llamas, N.A., Snyder, B.E. and Sung, Y. (2017), “Many languages, many workflows: mapping and analysing technical services processes for East Asian and international studies materials”, Cataloging and Classification Quarterly, Vol. 55 Nos 7/8, pp. 606-629, doi: 10.1080/ 01639374.2017.1356783.
Bortolotti, T., Romano, P. and Nicoletti, B. (2010), “Lean first, then automate: an integrated model for process improvement in pure service-providing companies”, Advances in Production Management Systems. New Challenges, New Approaches: IFIP WG 5.7 International Conference, APMS 2009, Springer, Berlin Heidelberg, Bordeaux, 21-23 September, Revised Selected Papers, pp. 579-586.
Caldera, H.T.S., Desha, C. and Dawes, L. (2017), “Exploring the role of lean thinking in sustainable business practice: a systematic literature review”, Journal of Cleaner Production, Vol. 167, pp. 1546-1565, doi: 10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.05.126.
Cheung, Y.Y., Goodman, E.M. and Osunkoya, T.O. (2016), “No more waits and delays: streamlining workflow to decrease patient time of stay for image-guided musculoskeletal procedures”, Radiographics, Vol. 36 No. 3, pp. 856-871.
Cocca, P., Marciano, F., Alberti, M. and Schiavini, D. (2019), “Leanness measurement methods in manufacturing organisations: a systematic review”, International Journal of Production Research, Vol. 57 Nos 15/16, pp. 5103-5118, doi: 10.1080/00207543.2018.1521016.
Cocchia, A. (2014), “Smart and digital city: a systematic literature review”, Smart city: How to create public and economic value with high technology in urban space, pp. 13-43.
Cooke, A., Smith, D. and Booth, A. (2012), “Beyond PICO: the SPIDER tool for qualitative evidence synthesis”, Qualitative Health Research, Vol. 22 No. 10, pp. 1435-1443.
Costa, L.B.M. and Filho, M.G. (2016), “Lean healthcare: review, classification and analysis of literature”, Production Planning and Control, Vol. 27 No. 10, pp. 823-836, doi: 10.1080/09537287.2016.1143131.
Costa, H.M., Silva, M.V.V., Mourão, A., Valente, C.P. and Laercio, F. (2013), “Redesigning administrative procedures using value stream mapping: a case study”, Proc. IGLC-21: 21st Annual Conference of the International Group for Lean Construction, pp. 1049-1056, doi: 10.1177/1049732312452938.
Daly, A., Wolfe, N., Teeling, S.P., Ward, M. and McNamara, M. (2021), “Redesigning the process for scheduling elective orthopaedic surgery: a combined lean six sigma and person-centred approach”, International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, Vol. 18 No. 22, p. 11946.
Da-Wan, H. and Chen, F.F. (2009), “Decision support for lean practitioners: a web-based adaptive assessment approach”, Computers in Industry, Vol. 60 No. 4, pp. 277-283.
Dave, B. (2013), Developing a Construction Management System Based on Lean Construction and Building Information Modelling, University of Salford, Salford.
Davidsson, S. and Gustafsson, V. (2011), “Streamlining the invisible value chain: reduction of losses within administrative processes: a case study”, Retrieved from FULLTEXT01.pdf (diva-portal. org) (accessed 12 December 2022).
Delisle, C.H.B., Drolet, R., Gagnon, S., Turcotte, S., Boutet, S., Coulombe, M. and Daneau, E. (2018), “Improving flow in the or: how lean process studies can lead to shorter stays in the recovery ward”, International Journal of Health Care Quality Assurance, Vol. 31 No. 2, pp. 150-161, doi: 10.1108/IJHCQA-01-2017-0014.
Demast, J., Kemper, B.P., Wiltjer, A. and Does, R.J. (2013), “Quality quandaries: deploying operational excellence at a financial service provider”, Quality Engineering, Vol. 25 No. 3, pp. 298-306.
Denyer, D. and Tranfield, D. (2009), “Producing a systematic review”, in Buchanan D.A. and Bryman A. (Eds), The Sage Handbook of Organisational Research Methods, Sage Publications, London, pp. 671-689.
Denyer, D., Tranfield, D. and Van Aken, J.E. (2008), “Developing design propositions through research synthesis”, Organization Studies, Vol. 29 No. 3, pp. 393-413, doi: 10.1177/0170840607088020.
Doman, M.S. (2011), “A new lean paradigm in higher education: a case study”, Quality Assurance in Education, Vol. 19 No. 3, pp. 248-262, doi: 10.1108/09684881111158054.
Douglas, J., Antony, J. and Douglas, A. (2015), “Waste identification and elimination in HEIs: the role of Lean thinking”, International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, Vol. 32 No. 9, pp. 970-981.
Emiliani, M.L. (2004), “Improving business school courses by applying lean principles and practices”, Quality Assurance in Education, Vol. 12 No. 4, pp. 175-187.
Freitas, R.D.C. and Freitas, M.D.C.D. (2020), “Information management in lean office deployment contexts”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 11 No. 6, pp. 1161-1192.
Garcia, P., Younie, D. and Fornos, J. (2012), “Implementation of lean transactional at Tenneco Europe, applications in finance (No. 2012-01-0517)”, SAE Technical Paper, doi: 10.4271/2012-01-0517.
Garrett, D.F. and Lee, J. (2011), “Lean construction submittal process – a case study”, Quality Engineering, Vol. 23 No. 1, pp. 84-93.
                   Ginanjar, A. and Syah, T.Y.R. (2019), “Lean government concept and design over service administration in  Indonesian ID card”, Journal of Multidisciplinary Academic, Vol. 3 No. 1, pp. 11-15, Retrieved from: kemalapublisher.com, accessed on doi: 10.11.2022.
Goerke, M., Schmidt, M., Busch, J. and Nyhuis, P. (2015), “Holistic approach of lean thinking in learning factories”, Procedia CIRP, Vol. 32, pp. 138-143, doi: 10.1016/j.procir.2015.02.221.
Grove, A.L., Meredith, J.O., Macintyre, M., Angelis, J. and Neailey, K. (2010), “UK health visiting:
challenges faced during lean implementation”, Leadership in Health Services, Vol. 23 No. 3, pp. 204-218, doi: 10.1108/17511871011061037.
Gunduz, M. and Elsherbeny, H.A. (2020), “Construction contract administration performance assessment tool by using a fuzzy structural equation model”, Sustainability, Vol. 12 No. 2, p. 523.
Hapuhinna, H.K.D.W.M.S.K., Amarasinghe, J.P.S. and Davinda, D.D.D.D. (2020), “Does the existing administrative framework help to increase efficiency? A case study on the university of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka”, Sri Lankan Journal of Business Economics, Vol. 9 No. 2, pp 1-26.
Ilangakoon, T.S., Weerabahu, S.K., Samaranayake, P. and Wickramarachchi, R. (2021), “Adoption of Industry 4.0 and lean concepts in hospitals for healthcare operational performance improvement”, International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management, Vol. 71 No. 6, pp. 2188-2213, doi: 10.1108/IJPPM-12-2020-0654.
Jasti, N.V.K. and Kodali, R. (2015), “Lean production: literature review and trends”, International Journal of Production Research, Vol. 53 No. 3, pp. 867-885, doi: 10.1080/00207543.2014.937508.
Kanamori, S., Sow, S., Castro, M.C., Matsuno, R., Tsuru, A. and Jimba, M. (2015), “Implementation of 5S management method for lean healthcare at a health center in Senegal: a qualitative study of staff perception”, Global Health Action, Vol. 8 No. 1, p. 27256.
Kelendar, H., Faisal, M., McIntosh, B. and Mohammed, M.A. (2020), “The use of lean methodology in healthcare settings in developing countries: a narrative review”, British Journal of Healthcare Management, Vol. 26 No. 6, pp. 1-13, doi: 10.12968/bjhc.2019.0095.
Kemmer, S.L., Alves, T.D.C.L., Macedo, M., Novaes, M.D.V. and Barros Neto, J.D.P. (2009), “Lean office at a construction company”, Annual Conference of the International Group for Lean Construction, available at: attachment-89d1fa8c-2d7d-4004-8c69-8a80737530c6-libre.pdf (d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net) (accessed 16 September 2023).
Khan, S.A., Kaviani, M.A., Galli, B.J. and Ishtiaq, P. (2019), “Application of continuous improvement techniques to improve organisation performance: a case study”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 10 No. 2, pp. 542-565, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-05-2017-0048.
Kim, K. (2020), “Implementation of Lean Six Sigma in municipal government operations to improve efficiency and quality: a case study”, Journal of the Korea Industrial Information Systems Research, Vol. 25 No. 4, pp. 49-63. (accessed on 10 November 2022).
Kim, C.S., Spahlinger, D.A., Kin, J.M., Coffey, R.J. and Billi, J.E. (2009), “Implementation of lean thinking:
one health system’s journey”, The Joint Commission Journal on Quality and Patient Safety, Vol. 35 No. 8, pp. 406-AP4, doi: 10.1016/S1553-7250(09)35057-6.
Ko, C.H. and Li, S.C. (2015), “Lean concurrent submittal review systems”, KSCE Journal of Civil Engineering, Vol. 19 No. 3, pp. 478-484, doi: 10.1007/s12205-013-0254-8.
Koskela, L., Howell, G., Ballard, G. and Tommelein, I. (2002), “The foundations of lean construction”, Design and Construction: Building in Value, Vol. 291, pp. 211-226.
Kovach, J.V. and Borikar, S. (2018), “Enhancing financial performance: an application of Lean Six Sigma to reduce insurance claim denials”, Quality Management in Health Care, Vol. 27 No. 3, pp. 165-171, doi: 10.1097/QMH.0000000000000175.
Kregel, I. and Coners, A. (2018), “Introducing Lean Six Sigma to a German municipality: an action research report”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 9 No. 2, pp. 221-237, doi: 10.1108/ IJLSS-02-2017-0019.
Krings, D., Levine, D. and Wall, T. (2006), “The use of ‘lean’ in local government”, Public managementLawrence Then Washington, Vol. 88 No. 8, p. 12, available at: 2712_.pdf(icma.org) (accessed 11 November 2022).	
Krishnan, V. and Parveen, C.M. (2013), “Comparative study of lean manufacturing tools used in manufacturing firms and service sector”, Proceedings of the World Congress on Engineering, Vol. 1, pp. 1-5, available at: iaeng.org. (accessed 11 November 2022).
Lareau, W. (2002), Office Kaizen: Transforming Office Operations Into A Strategic Competitive Advantage, ASQ Quality Press, USA.
Laureani, A. and Antony, J. (2010), “Reducing employees’ turnover in transactional services: a Lean Six Sigma case study”, International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management, Vol. 59 No. 7, pp. 688-700, doi: 10.1108/17410401011075666.
Laureani, A., Brady, M. and Antony, J. (2013), “Applications of lean six sigma in an Irish hospital”, Leadership in Health Services, Vol. 26 No. 4, pp. 322-337, doi: 10.1108/LHS-01-2012-0002.
Lee, K.L., Tai, C.T. and Sheen, G.J. (2013), “Using LSS to improve the efficiency and quality of a refund process in a logistics center”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 4 No. 4, pp. 409-424, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-04-2013-0023.
Li, N., Laux, C.M. and Antony, J. (2019), “How to use Lean Six Sigma methodology to improve service process in higher education: a case study”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 10 No. 4, pp. 883-908, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-11-2018-0133.
Librelato, T.P., Lacerda, D.P., Rodrigues, L.H. and Veit, D.R. (2014), “A process improvement approach based on the value stream mapping and the theory of constraints thinking process”, Business Process Management Journal, Vol. 20 No. 6, pp. 922-949.
Lima, M., Rolim, L. and Alves, T. (2010), Value Stream Mapping of the Architectural Executive Design In A Governmental Organization, IGLC, Haifa, available at: document(psu.edu) (accessed 16 September 2023).
Lock, I. and Giani, S. (2021), “Finding more needles in more haystacks: rigorous literature searching for systematic reviews and meta-analyses in management and organization studies”, doi: 10.21942/ uva.12369287.v2.
Lukrafka, T.O., Silva, D.S. and Echeveste, M. (2020), “A geographic picture of Lean adoption in the public sector: cases, approaches, and a refreshed agenda”, European Management Journal, Vol. 38 No. 3, pp. 506-517.
Lundkvist, A.H. and Gustavsson, M. (2018), “Learning conditions for continuous improvement in a public service organisation”, Journal of Workplace Learning, Vol. 30 No. 8, pp. 578-591, doi: 10.1108/JWL-03-2018-0049.
Macaira, P.M., Tavares Thome, A.M., Cyrino Oliveira, F.L. and Carvalho Ferrer, A.L. (2018), “Time series analysis with explanatory variables: a systematic literature review”, Environmental Modelling and Software, Vol. 107, pp. 199-209, doi: 10.1016/j.envsoft.2018.06.004.
Magalhaes, J.C., Alves, A.C., da, N.B.M.M.D. and Rodrigues, A.R. (2019), “Improving processes in a postgraduate office of a university through lean office tools”, repositorium.sdum.uminho.pt, available at: https://hdl.handle.net/1822/66665(accessed 6 October 2022).
Mao, X. and Zhang, X. (2008), “Construction process reengineering by integrating lean principles and computer simulation techniques”, Journal of Construction Engineering and Management, Vol. 134 No. 5, pp. 371-381.
Maware, C., Okwu, M.O. and Adetunji, O. (2022), “A systematic literature review of lean manufacturing implementation in manufacturing-based sectors of the developing and developed countries”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 13 No. 3, pp. 521-556, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-12-2020-0223.
Mendez, R.R., Sanchez-Partida, D., Martínez-Flores, J.L. and Arvizu-BarrÓn, E. (2015), “A case study: SMED and JIT methodologies to develop continuous flow of stamped parts into AC disconnect assembly line in Schneider Electric Tlaxcala Plant”, IFAC-PapersOnLine, Vol. 48 No. 3, pp. 399-1404, doi: 10.1016/j.ifacol.2015.06.282.
Molina, D.L.G. and Fuentes, J.M. (2022), “Lean management in universities: a systematic literature review”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 13 No. 1, pp. 156-177, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-12-2020-0224.
Monteiro, J., Alves, A.C. and do Sameiro Carvalho, M. (2017), “Processes improvement applying lean office tools in a logistic department of a car multimedia components company”, Procedia Manufacturing, Vol. 13, pp. 995-1002, doi: 10.1016/j.promfg.2017.09.09.
Moroço, D.M. and Pazin-Filho, A. (2022), “Decreasing boarders in the emergency department by reducing clerical work in the discharge process of in-hospital patients in Brazil–an interrupted time-series analysis”, BMC Emergency Medicine, Vol. 22 No. 1, pp. 1-7.
Msawil, M., Greenwood, D. and Kassem, M. (2022), “A Systematic evaluation of blockchain-enabled contract administration in construction projects”, Automation in Construction, Vol. 143, p. 104553.
Narayanamurthy, G., Gurumurthy, A. and Lankayil, A.A. (2018), “Experience of implementing lean thinking in an Indian healthcare institution”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 1, pp. 23-60, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-10-2016-0062.
Ng, D., Vail, G., Thomas, S. and Schmidt, N. (2010), “Applying the Lean principles of the Toyota production system to reduce wait times in the emergency department”, CJEM, Vol. 12 No. 1, pp. 50-57, doi: 10.1017/S1481803500012021.
Oko, A. and Kang, P.S. (2015), “Lean six sigma approach to improve the admissions process for a Nigerian HE Institute”, available at: https://dora.dmu.ac.uk/bitstream/handle/2086/11008/LeanSix-Sigma-Approach-to-Improve-the-Admissions-Process-for-a-Nigerian-HE-Institute.pdf?
sequence¼1 (accessed 11 November 2022).
Oliveira, A.G.D., Oliveira, J.P.D.D., Pereira, D.I.O., Santos, W.R.D. and Junior, C.R.B. (2019), “Lean office:
value flow mapping in an order budget process”, Simposio de engenharia de producao 2019, CampoMourao, 02-06 De Septembro.
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (2009), “Overcoming barriers to administrative simplification strategies: guidance for policy makers”, Directorate for Public Governance and Territorial Development, Retrieved from: ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS (oecd.org). (accessed 11 November 2022).
Ose, A., Kjærsgaard, S. and Rasmussen, S.J. (2018), “The mean lean machine”, available at: https:// projekter.aau.dk/projekter/files/281554960/The_Mean_Lean_Machine_Master_Thesis_Final. pdf (accessed 11 November 2022).
Page, M.J., McKenzie, J.E., Bossuyt, P.M., Boutron, I., Hoffmann, T.C., Mulrow, C.D., ... Moher, D. (2021), “The PRISMA 2020 statement: an updated guideline for reporting systematic reviews”, Systematic Reviews, Vol. 10 No. 1, pp. 1-11, doi: 10.1016/j.ijsu.2021.105906.
Pearce, A. and Pons, D. (2013), “Implementing lean practices: managing the transformation risks”,
Journal of Industrial Engineering, Article ID 790291, Vol. 2013, pp. 1-19, doi: 10.1155/2013/ 790291.
Pestana, A.C.V., Alves, T.D.C. and Barbosa, A.R. (2014), “Application of lean construction concepts to manage the submittal process in AEC projects”, Journal of Management in Engineering, Vol. 30 No. 4, p. 5014006, doi: 10.1061/(ASCE)ME.1943-5479.0000215.
Petersen, O.H., Hansen, J.R. and Houlberg, K. (2022), “The administrative burden of doing business with the government: learning and compliance costs in business-government interactions”, Public Administration.
Peyton, K., Huber, G.A. and Coppock, A. (2022), “The generalizability of online experiments conducted during the COVID-19 pandemic”, Journal of Experimental Political Science, Vol. 9 No. 3, pp. 379-394.
Piercy, N. and Rich, N. (2009), “Lean transformation in the pure service environment: the case of the call service centre”, International Journal of Operations and Production Management, Vol. 29 No. 1, pp. 54-76, doi: 10.1108/01443570910925361.
Pietro, L.D., Mugion, R.G. and Renzi, M.F. (2013), “An integrated approach between lean and customer feedback tools: an empirical study in the public sector”, Total Quality Management and Business Excellence, Vol. 24 Nos 7/8, pp. 899-917, doi: 10.1080/14783363.2013.791106.

Pilbeam, C., Denyer, D., Doherty, N. and Davidson, R. (2019), “Designing safer working interventions through a literature review using a mechanisms-based approach”, Safety Science, Vol. 120, pp. 352-361, doi: 10.1016/j.ssci.2019.07.017.
Pillay, D.I.S., Ghazali, R.J.D.M., Abd Manaf, N.H., Abdullah, A.H.A., Bakar, A.A., Salikin, F., Umapathy, M., Ali, R., Bidin, N. and Ismail, W.I.W. (2011), “Hospital waiting time: the forgotten premise of healthcare service delivery?”, International Journal of Health Care Quality Assurance, Vol. 24 No. 7, pp. 506-522, doi: 10.1108/09526861111160553.
Ponce, J. (2005), “Good administration and administrative procedures”, Indiana Journal of Global Legal Studies, Vol. 12 No. 2, pp. 551-588. www.repository.law.indiana.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi? article¼1310&context¼ijgls (accessed 12 November 2022).
Psomas, E., Keramida, E. and Bouranta, N. (2022), “Practical implications of lean, six sigma and lean six sigma in the public administration sector: a systematic literature review”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 13 No. 6, pp. 1277-1307.
Pucheta, C.E.P., Olivares-Benitez, E., Minor-Popocatl, H., Pacheco-García, P.F. and Perez-Pucheta, M.F. (2019), “Implementation of lean manufacturing to reduce the delivery time of a replacement part to dealers: a case study”, Applied Sciences, Vol. 9 No. 18, p. 3932, doi: 10.3390/app9183932.
Radnor, Z. and Walley, P. (2008), “Learning to walk before we try to run: adapting lean for the public sector”, Public Money and Management, Vol. 28 No. 1, pp. 13-20, doi: 10.1111/j.14679302.2008.00613.x.
Richter, P. and Schlieter, H. (2020), “Paving the way for patient pathways: synthesizing a user-centered method design with results from a systematic literature review”, Wirtschaftsinformatik (Zentrale Tracks), pp. 648-663.
Robinson, M. and Yorkstone, S. (2014), “Becoming a lean university: the case of the University of St Andrews”, Leadership and Governance in Higher Education: Handbook for Decision-Makers and Administrators, Wiley, New York, NY, available at: http://hdl.handle.net/10023/7684
Rodgers, B. and Antony, J. (2019), “Lean and Six Sigma practices in the public sector: a review”, International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, Vol. 36 No. 3, pp. 437-455, doi: 10.1108/IJQRM-02-2018-0057.
Rowley, C. and Paul, J. (2021), “Introduction: the role and relevance of literature reviews and research in the Asia Pacific”, Asia Pacific Business Review, Vol. 27 No. 1, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1080/13602381.2021.1894839.
Selcuk, A.A. (2019), “A guide for systematic reviews: PRISMA”, Turkish Archives of Otorhinolaryngology, Vol. 57 No. 1, p. 57.
Setijono, D., Naraghi, A.M. and Ravipati, U.P. (2010), “Decision support system and the adoption of lean in a Swedish emergency ward: balancing supply and demand towards improved value stream”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 1 No. 3, pp. 234-248, doi: 10.1108/20401461011075026.
Sharma, V., Abel, J., Al-Hussein, M., Lennerts, K. and Pfründer, U. (2007), “Simulation application for resource allocation in facility management processes in hospitals”, Facilities, Vol. 25 Nos 13/14, pp. 493-506, doi: 10.1108/02632770710822599.
Silva, I.B.D., Seraphim, E.C., Agostinho, O.L., Junior, O.F.L. and Batalha, G.F. (2015), “Lean office in health organisation in the Brazilian army”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 6 No. 1, pp. 2-16, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-09-2013-0053.
Simons, P., Backes, H., Bergs, J., Emans, D., Johannesma, M., Jacobs, M., Marneffe, W. and Vandijck, D. (2017), “The effects of a lean transition on process times, patients and employees”, International Journal of Health Care Quality Assurance, Vol. 30 No. 2, pp. 103-118, doi: 10.1108/IJHCQA-08-2015-0106.
Singh, M. and Rathi, R. (2019), “A structured review of Lean Six Sigma in various industrial sectors”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 10 No. 2, pp. 622-664, doi: 10.1108/IJLSS-03-2018-0018.
Sinha, N. and Matharu, M. (2019), “A comprehensive insight into Lean management: literature review and trends”, Journal of Industrial Engineering and Management (JIEM), Vol. 12 No. 2, pp. 302-317, doi: 10.3926/jiem.2885.

Smith, I.M. and Bayliss, E. (2022), “Recovering staff, recovering services: massive-online support for recovering a pediatric service using Lean and compassionate communication”, BMJ Open Quality, Vol. 11 No. 2, p. e001914, doi: 10.1136/bmjoq-2022-001914.
Smith, I.M. and Smith, D.T. (2021), “Mass production methods for mass vaccination: improving flow and operational performance in a COVID-19 mass vaccination centre using lean”, BMJ Open Quality, Vol. 10 No. 3, p. e001525, doi: 10.1136/bmjoq-2021-001525.
Sony, M. and Naik, S. (2020), “Industry 4.0 integration with socio-technical systems theory: a systematic review and proposed theoretical model”, Technology in Society, Vol. 61, p. 101248, doi: 10.1016/j. techsoc.2020.101248.
Southard, P.B., Chandra, C. and Kumar, S. (2012), “RFID in healthcare: a Six Sigma DMAIC and simulation case study”, International Journal of Health Care Quality Assurance, Vol. 25 No. 4, pp. 291-321, doi: 10.1108/09526861211221491.
Stojkic, Z., Majstorovic, V., Visekruna, V. and Zelenika, D. (2014), “Application of lean tools and xRM software solutions in order to increase the efficiency of business processes”, Procedia Engineering, Vol. 69, pp. 41-48, doi: 10.1016/j.proeng.2014.02.201.
Strong, D.L., Kin, J.M., Kratochwill, E.W. and Typaldos, C. (2008), “University of Michigan: quality and safety in an academic medical center”, Joint Commission Journal on Quality and Patient Safety, Vol. 34 No. 11, p. 677a, accessed on 12 November 2022.
Sunaryanto, K. and Syah, T.Y.R. (2019), “Application of lean thinking development: case study over Badan Pendapatan Daerah (BAPENDA), South Tangerang based on lean government”, Journal of Multidisciplinary Academic, Vol. 3 No. 1, pp. 20-26, Retrieved from: kemalapublisher.com, accessed on doi: 10 December 2022.
Sunder, M.V. and Mahalingam, S. (2018), “An empirical investigation of implementing lean six sigma in higher education institutions”, International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, Vol. 35 No. 10, pp. 2157-2180, doi: 10.1108/IJQRM-05-2017-0098.
Svensson, C., Antony, J., Ba-Essa, M., Bakhsh, M. and Albliwi, S. (2015), “A lean six sigma program in higher education”, International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, Vol. 32 No. 9, pp. 951-969, doi: 10.1108/IJQRM-09-2014-0141.
Taha, O., Mazzuchi, T.A., Sarkani, S., Antony, J. and Furterer, S. (2022), “Uncovering inefficiencies in the workers’ compensation industry using Lean methodology”, The TQM Journal, Vol. 34 No. 5, pp. 1057-1075.
Tammela, I., Cardoso, R. and Almeida, C.D.C. (2017), “Lean service e lean office: uma revisão bibliográfica comparativa”, XXXVII Encontro Nacioal de Engenharia de Produção, Joinville,
Brasil.
Tapping, D. and Shuker, T. (2003), Value Stream Management for the Lean Office: Eight Steps to Planning, Mapping, and Sustaining Lean Improvements in Administrative Areas, CRC Press, New York, NY.
Taylor, D.H. (2006), “Strategic considerations in the development of lean agri-food supply chains: a case study of the UK pork sector”, Supply Chain Management: An International Journal, Vol. 11 No. 3, pp. 271-280, doi: 10.1108/13598540610662185.
Terpend, R. and Shannon, P. (2021), “Teaching lean principles in nonmanufacturing settings using a computer equipment order quotation administrative process”, Decision Sciences Journal of Innovative Education, Vol. 19 No. 1, pp. 63-89, doi: 10.1111/dsji.12227.
Tharangani, D.P., Mlwom, K. and Jayantha, K. (2019), “Looking for efficiency and effectiveness through a public sector organizations: with special reference to the exam admission card process (EACP) in University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka”, IOSR Journal of Business and Management (IOSRJBM) e-ISSN, Vol. 21 No. 7, pp. 57-61, doi: 10.9790/487X-2107035761.
Tiso, A., Crema, M. and Verbano, C. (2021), “A framework to guide the implementation of lean management in emergency department”, Journal of Health Organization and Management, Vol. 35 No. 9, pp. 315-337, doi: 10.1108/JHOM-01-2021-0035.
Tortorella, G.L., Fogliatto, F.S., Anzanello, M., Marodin, G.A., Garcia, M. and Reis Esteves, R. (2017), “Making the value flow: application of value stream mapping in a Brazilian public healthcare organisation”, Total Quality Management and Business Excellence, Vol. 28 Nos 13/14, pp. 1544-1558, doi: 10.1080/14783363.2016.1150778.
Turati, R.D.C. (2007), “Application of lean office in the sector public administrative”, Dissertation (Master’s) – Postgraduate Program and Area of Concentration in Production Engineering – School of Engineering of São Carlos, University of São Paulo
Turati, R.D.C. and Musetti, A. (2006), “Application of lean office concepts in the administrative sector”, available at: www.abepro.org.br/biblioteca/ENEGEP2006_TR450313_7184.pdf (accessed 11 November 2022).
Utomo, Y.P., Hernadewita, H., Damsiar, D. and Molle, T. (2019), “Lean thinking concept application for improving quality service of public services”, Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering, Vol. 12 No. 2, pp. 246-254, available at: article_88390_342f1f849e637e49e8ebf035c9c9698f. pdf (jise.ir) (accessed 12 December 2022).
Ventura, G.D.S., Andolhe, G., Prezotto, M.A.S. and Júnior, A.N. (2020), “Application of the lean office in the sales process by active prospection in a company in the branch of point-of-sale (POS) terminals”, Retrieved From: GUILHERME DA SILVEIRA VENTURA- protegido.pdf
(mackenzie.br) (accessed 12 December 2022).
Veres, C., Candea, S., Gabor, M.R. and Vasile, V. (2021), “Lean tools to eliminate losses: transposing automotive approach in other areas”, Challenges of the Knowledge Society, Vol. 1, pp. 925-931, Retrieved from: CKS_2021.pdf (researchgate.net) (accessed 10 December 2022).
Webb, J.W. and Furterer, S.L. (2019), “A lean six sigma approach for improving university campus office moves”, International Journal of Lean Six Sigma, Vol. 10 No. 4, pp. 928-947, doi: 10.1108/ IJLSS-04-2018-0042.
Wijnhoven, F., Beckers, D. and Chintan, A. (2016), “Reducing waste in administrative services with lean principles”, available at: ris.utwente.nl (accessed 12 December 2022).
Womack, J.P. and Jones, D.T. (1996), Lean Thinking, Simon and Schuster, New York, NY.
Yasin, M.M., Wafa, M.A. and Small, M.H. (2001), “Just-in-time implementation in the public sector: an empirical examination”, International Journal of Operations and Production Management, Vol. 21 No. 9, pp. 1195-1204, doi: 10.1108/EUM0000000005925.
Yokoyama, T.T., de Oliveira, M.A. and Futami, A.H. (2019), “A systematic literature review on lean office”, Industrial Engineering and Management Systems, Vol. 18 No. 1, pp. 67-77, retrieved from: AUTHOR’S INSTRUCTION FOR PREPARING PAPERS FOR IJIE2002 (researchgate.net)
(accessed 12 December 2022).
Young, J.Q. and Wachter, R.M. (2009), “Applying Toyota production system principles to a psychiatric hospital: making transfers safer and more timely”, The Joint Commission Journal on Quality and Patient Safety, Vol. 35 No. 9, pp. 439-AP8, doi: 10.1016/S1553-7250(09)35061-8.
Zargun, S. and Al-Ashaab, A. (2014), “Critical success factors for lean manufacturing: a systematic literature review: an international comparison between developing and developed countries”, Advanced Materials Research, Vol. 845, pp. 668-681, doi: 10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.845.668.
Zefaj, E. (2021), “Lean Six Sigma for Public Sector Process Visibility Improvement - Case Study”, paper presented at UBT International Conference, Vol. 571, 30 October, UBT Kampus, Lipjan, available at: https://knowledgecenter.ubt-uni.net/conference/2021UBTIC/all-events/571 (accessed 10 December 2022).
Further reading
Oliveira, A.G.D., Oliveira, J.P.D.D., Pereira, D.I.O., Santos, W.R.D. and Junior, C.R.B. (2019), “Lean office:
value flow mapping in an order budget process”, Simposio de engenharia de producao 2019. CampoMourao, 02-06 De Septembro.
Petersen, O.H., Hansen, J.R. and Houlberg, K. (2022), “The administrative burden of doing business with the government: learning and compliance costs in Business-Government interactions”, Public Administration, Early View, doi: 10.1111/padm.12904.
Psomas, E. and Antony, J. (2019), “Research gaps in lean manufacturing: a systematic literature review”, International Journal of Quality and Reliability Management, Vol. 36 No. 5, pp. 815-839, doi: 10.1108/IJQRM-12-2017-0260.
Corresponding author
U.D.R.E. Ruwanpura can be contacted at: eranditea@gmail.com

For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website:
www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm Or contact us for further details: permissions@emeraldinsight.com
View publication stats

  

  

  
Lean tools used in administrative processes
  
CI
  

  
